and now come back to the next one
part multiplayer round i have now
The war against the biscuit was carried out
Here is the map and not said
my first scene was the one
to complete provinces
I have conquered the province and the
Complete the rovers on these three
cities if you guys better and here
I never felt like that at the top and that was yes
no big deal
There was a big garnison here
but I could relocate dead there
i make the failure we do too
no big deal
and down here Roman government
met and now it starts
Originally that was so that the
entire Gallic area and one
Roman legions have defended
Spies said the same is the case
cookies started completely unknown to me
reason to excavate a second region
or bring her
I started when I started my open 7
is suddenly a legion somehow
landed or from africa in east africa
come from spain
I have the other police working
and he already had one
region two regions okay stop twice
as much as expected but would have
is still the davis yes that the
swiss up here for or one
only province has a huge lead
had and the water here in front of charge
had landed so is the whole time
has destroyed more income that is
one rather than a region I had three
big legion against me just like that
that has all that bit
made it difficult and appropriate
There were also many battles and his
quite hurt or the whole thing
to make worse
my cavalry when I'm against
Separate legionaries let their own
Pilot disturbed half of the cavalry
well, somehow elite is not mine
relatively bad against sword
Infantry is very difficult
understand so synonymous in the melee
and everything and if you're from behind
from the side and from the front at the same time
Batches the general dead then pull
the legionaries are still not
back because he is fighting until death
that is the big advantage of
cavalry na actually the moral
Destroyer is he has apparently
Legionnaires almost at all no falls
So real catastrophe was the first
war days entertaining still running
not good I can only just
show how it looks so me are so
that my entire empire of supplies
go down come down arms me all
resources if the biscuit maybe times
a third of his income
I had to invest my frontier too
fight the rest spread and no
problem for him
So I said that lifted
Conquered had been relatively easy there
there was nothing down here this city got here
Obert that he military center
there have been gladiators and such
So I can also do good troupes
Let's see if it's this one
Round already goes also besieged
You never have to stay out of it
two round he has lasted since
no siege cards longer
fails or builds on longer
let stand
and there I besieged him to death
Two rounds was not the world before me
a whole legion behind the wall
have and fight that most here
in the front again a type of the surfaced
it starts to germinate
Fixed part of 300 million allied
you can really show it somehow
So the kiggs is doing something
just like Oberland's fleet had that
the other story was out
unexplainable reasons of biscuit
Of course, up here too a fleet
had with nowhere like mine
cities here trying to lead then yes
bismarckplatz dug around the broken
When I get away with it, that comes
can also go to higher income
was driven broken engraving
wanted to allied me on the biscuit
I just do not show it at all
diplomacy you can see that one puck
seldom on it however jesus not
insignificant can just me on the
Click kicks off can I okay to me I
I do not know exactly how I do it
Can show me allies of the biscuit
but in any case are a few
I think that works , then I have to
the policy is only one round in
In every case pretty much everything belongs
there's somehow the roman her he
is part of the biscuit as ally and
in all with the war occurred
that's why i hold entire known world
fight the only thing that helps is
up here the collar
in it to war with the biscuit and
now very good relationships to which it
means at the moment is war north
Here this area felt against this
area so runs at the moment completely
dangerous individual damage more similar
wise, but roughly speaking it is just
north against south and south is a bit
bigger at the game and also one
a bit better developed
But so were the first days of war
hold like the time with germany
also was very successful and france
always falls first
and now it gets a bit difficult
so far then I am
have the patricia down here
high level operation of them the round
one has
he has indicated with liked it
I think I'm very nice if
du ri simply taken over the affairs
may be here that is just two agents
I'm getting the third one for this
where can you work with them ?
distribute happiness and others
stuff
then I'm down here after
Marseille means the city I believe
exactly mattila or something like that I have one
spy to see what's going on here
because that's actually the next one
city where much income is and where we are
we were there troops from irrelevant
they also landed a region
I think that was the region in
africa which summary he uses
always to keep track
although if that comes from africa so completely
without question are only the fresh
was dug that no wore with
Experience with I think more that the
From Rome always comes from Italy as well
the ista long is also on the way
always landed somewhere upstairs
I have now considered that every one of me
hinschicken
the massive flattening you want
but send it down with spies
a fresh region is coming
and i believe i live in my life
that region down there will be finished by
daake not ordered back
for a spy good and I would have
never lost but i know
then running upwards maybe i do
doing here in the woods one ambush on
yes, enough time not me because
I have taken over his sales year
because she does not have anything up there
is going on
I think I'll get one here in front of him
ambush because he can only
come across this road to the north and
If I ambush them then hit
you have to be able to kill the stronger one
namely in the ambush no more camper
has so javelin thrower and so what the
For example, not just
cavalry and infantry storm
so we'll do it in front of us
second region probably comes from italy and
the new one we have to look that time
with the ambush also do here
no spies, I think
at least
and maybe I can help you too
ambush so make that very nice
So I'm already the biscuit
i believe two regions plus 3 fat ones
garnisons broken and themselves
actually only a few troops lost
and yet more and more and more come
more of an income is due because
behind me everything in bradenton swiss
just one of my income frets
I do not know how the war long term
It can win in the stars
written
but day is we try ours
he has the magic potions best to do
brew
until the next time that the battles
by the way , the
mother still after box and because easy
a little bit higher but it looks different
unfortunately not technically